README.md, before:

# angular-testcafe [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/politie/angular-testcafe.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/politie/angular-testcafe) [![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/politie/angular-testcafe.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
A custom Angular builder for [TestCafe](http://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/).
Serves the Angular application, and then runs the TestCafe tests.

## Install
```bash
$ npm install --save-dev @politie/angular-testcafe-builder
```

## Use in angular.json
```json
{
  "projects": {
    "my-project-e2e": {
      "architect": {
        "e2e": {
          "builder": "@politie/angular-testcafe-builder:testcafe",
          "options": {
            "browsers": [
              "chrome --no-sandbox",
              "firefox"
            ],
            "src": ["e2e/*.e2e-spec.ts"],
            "reporters": [
              {
                "name": "html",
                "output": "path/to/my/report.html"
              },
              {
                "name": "spec"
              }
            ]
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
> NOTE: check [schema.json](src/testcafe/schema.json) for a list of all options   

## build
```bash
$ npm run build
```

## pack
```bash
$ npm pack
```

## NOT Implemented (TODO):
* remote browsers
* QR code
* video
* ssl

Commit message:

Link to tutorial on Medium

README.md, after:

# angular-testcafe [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/politie/angular-testcafe.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/politie/angular-testcafe) [![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/politie/angular-testcafe.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
A custom Angular builder for [TestCafe](http://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/).
Serves the Angular application, and then runs the TestCafe tests.

## Install
```bash
$ npm install --save-dev @politie/angular-testcafe-builder
```

## Use in angular.json
```json
{
  "projects": {
    "my-project-e2e": {
      "architect": {
        "e2e": {
          "builder": "@politie/angular-testcafe-builder:testcafe",
          "options": {
            "browsers": [
              "chrome --no-sandbox",
              "firefox"
            ],
            "src": ["e2e/*.e2e-spec.ts"],
            "reporters": [
              {
                "name": "html",
                "output": "path/to/my/report.html"
              },
              {
                "name": "spec"
              }
            ]
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
> NOTE: check [schema.json](src/testcafe/schema.json) for a list of all options

A tutorial how to use Angular and Testcafe combined with this builder can be found [here](https://medium.com/test-automation-pro/testcafe-tests-in-an-angular-project-e1d1ccc6e1cb)

## build
```bash
$ npm run build
```

## pack
```bash
$ npm pack
```

## NOT Implemented (TODO):
* remote browsers
* QR code
* video
* ssl
